[DOC] update the download doc for 2508 release [skip ci] (#13244)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/download.md

| arm64     | Scala 2.13    | [RAPIDS Accelerator v25.08.0](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.13/25.08.0/rapids-4-spark_2.13-25.08.0-cuda12-arm64.jar) | [Signature](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.13/25.08.0/rapids-4-spark_2.13-25.08.0-cuda12-arm64.jar.asc) |

This package is built against CUDA 12.9. It is tested on V100, T4, A10, A100, L4, H100 and GB100 GPUs with 
CUDA 12.9.  

### Verify signature
* Download the [PUB_KEY](https://keys.openpgp.org/search?q=sw-spark@nvidia.com).
* Import the public key: `gpg --import PUB_KEY`
* Verify the signature for Scala 2.12 jar:
    `gpg --verify rapids-4-spark_2.12-25.08.0.jar.asc rapids-4-spark_2.12-25.08.0.jar`
* Verify the signature for Scala 2.13 jar:
    `gpg --verify rapids-4-spark_2.13-25.08.0.jar.asc rapids-4-spark_2.13-25.08.0.jar`

The output of signature verify:

	gpg: Good signature from "NVIDIA Spark (For the signature of spark-rapids release jars) <sw-spark@nvidia.com>"

### Release Notes

> * Enhanced ANSI mode support with ANSI multiply, AVG, and SUM aggregations with improved performance 
> * Support scalar * scalar overload function for enhanced mathematical operations
> * Improved expression combining and side-effect checking for GpuCaseWhen operations
> * Support for RuntimeReplaceable expressions and Invoke operations
> * Enhanced Delta Lake 3.3.x support with improved write operations and SQL compatibility
> * Better Parquet type conversion for improved data processing
> * Improved memory management with fixes for memory leaks and overflow handling
> * Enhanced Spark 4.0 compatibility with proper exception handling and type casting
> * Support for liquid clustering fallback in Delta Lake operations
> * Performance optimizations for GPU kernel usage and aggregation operations
> * Various stability improvements and bug fixes for production workloads
> 
> Note: There is a known issue in the 25.08.0 release when decompressing gzip files on H100 GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Spark 4.0 support, including ANSI mode support for multiply, AVG and SUM aggregations with improved performance.  Compatibility with Spark 4.0 exception handling and type casting.  
* Support for Spark Connect in Spark 3.5.6 and Spark 4.0
* Delta Lake 3.3.x open source support with read, update, merge, delete, optimized write and auto compact functionality.  Read is supported without deletion vectors.  
* Iceberg S3 tables support
* Support scalar * scalar overload function for enhanced mathematical operations
* Improved expression combining and side-effect checking for GpuCaseWhen operations
* Better Parquet type conversion for improved data processing
* Improved memory management with fixes for memory leaks and overflow handling
* Performance optimizations for GPU kernel usage and aggregation operations
* Stability improvements and bug fixes for production workloads

Note: There is a known issue in the 25.08.0 release when decompressing gzip files on H100 GPUs.
```
